# Introduction

Bltools is a set of command line tools for Blockland.

# Features

* 3dtoblb - converts heaps of popular 3d model formats into Blockland Brick (.blb) files.

# Building

First download [Assimp >= 2.0](http://assimp.sourceforge.net/) and [Boost >= 1.47.0](http://www.boost.org/). Once you've downloaded both, place them both in the deps folder under the folder names boost and assimp. You also need to download [Scons](http://scons.org/), which is cross-platform building tool.  
  
To build on all platforms, simply type:

	scons

If you need to clean the build, use:

	scons -c
	
The include files are in the deps folder by default and the lib folder contains the libraries for all platforms, so you don't really need to download the dependencies, however I'd suggest you build the libs and place them there and include the latest headers in the deps folder.

# Licence

Copyright (c) 2011, Zack Corr

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
